I should have told you before.
♪ Come home, beloved
For the dawn is here ♪
♪ The night is over
And I am waiting at the door ♪
♪ Put my longing to rest ♪
♪ Come home, beloved
For the dawn is here ♪
♪ It has been lifetimes
Since you left ♪
♪ Eons and lifetimes ♪
♪ It has been lifetimes
Since I lost you ♪
♪ And I am anxious
And restless ♪
♪ My heart, my home
My reality ♪
♪ Calls you out
Across the ages ♪
♪ Come home, beloved
For the dawn is here ♪
I purchased this plant
few months back.
It has stopped growing.
Take this back.
And plant it
directly in the earth.
Look after it
for a couple of months.
Once the roots take hold of the soil,
it will become a big tree.
Miss, your father is waiting downstairs.
-Who?
-Your father.
♪ I bow down to you, Time ♪
♪ And to all your musings ♪
♪ I stop when you ask me to ♪
♪ Seems like we think alike ♪
♪ My nomad dreams
Living in distant lands ♪
♪ So restless, so free ♪
♪ My ship sails
On the sleepless sea ♪
♪ Oh, wind, hold them
But carefully ♪